# 中文版请点击[这里](https://github.com/JaneLee0324/custom-changelog-angular/blob/main/README.md).

# Background
It'd be really convinient if we could generate CHANGELOG.md based on the commits we have committed, which in return contributes to the format formalization of commit messages as well.

[conventional-changelog](https://www.npmjs.com/package/conventional-changelog) has alread realised the goal of generating CHANGELOG.md out of commits by running a certain command line. And the results it generates are like follows:
```
1.0.0(2021-03-01)
Bug Fixes
 · commit message1(commit message1 short hash)
 · commit message2(commit message2 short hash)
 · commit message3(commit message3 short hash)

Features
 · commit message4(commit message4 short hash)
 · commit message5(commit message5 short hash)
 · commit message6(commit message6 short hash)
```

# What does this package do?
`conventional-changelog` has implemented some presets which are: angular / atom / codemirror / ember / eslint / express / jquery / jshint, inside its dependencies. And the result contents of CHANGELOG.md by default are restrained by the preset you choose (eg. angular). (If you don't specify a preset, then you need to offer a preset by yourself through configurations.)

All these presets only generate information ambiguously listed above (mainly containing commit message and commit hash). Let's say you need some extra information, committer name and email for example, unfortunately presets aren't able to offer you with this. Hence this package is written mainly as an extra offering of un-included information generated by presets.

FYI, all the functions this package offers are developed on the basis of `conventional-changelog-angular`.

# Usage

# Use Instruction

# License

# Contact
